feat: apply the ibc module of lbm-sdk (#1)
line/ibc-go: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request.md

---
name: Feature Request
about: Create a proposal to request a feature
---

<!-- < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < ☺
v                            ✰  Thanks for opening an issue! ✰
v    Before smashing the submit button please review the template.
v    Word of caution: poorly thought-out proposals may be rejected
v                     without deliberation
☺ > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  -->

## Summary
<!-- Short, concise description of the proposed feature -->

## Problem Definition
<!-- Why do we need this feature?
What problems may be addressed by introducing this feature?

> What benefits does the SDK stand to gain by including this feature?

Reviewer: It would be better to revert the change.
```suggestion
What benefits does the ibc-go stand to gain by including this feature?
```
